# BatteryReminder
 Remember to unplug your Windows laptop when it's charged
### ⚠️ This software's GUI is only available in French for now.

## Presentation
 BatteryReminder shows a pop-up notification when it detects that your PC
 is charged at 100%. It can help you keep your battery alive for longer.
 For now, BatteryReminder only works on Windows 8.1, 10 and 11 operating
 systems, but I may make a version for macOS and Linux too later. It is
 a very simple program that contains 121 lines of C# code (excluding
 the metadata code files generated by Visual Studio).

## Installation (Windows)
 There isn't a built-in installer for BatteryReminder for Windows, so you
 have to install it yourself. **Only install it on a computer with a battery!**

### Step 1
 Download the release from [here](https://github.com/Ryanhtech/battery-reminder/releases/tag/release). Next, verify if .NET Framework 3.5 is installed on your computer, because it is required for BatteryReminder to run. It should be included with Windows 10/11, but to figure out, open the *BatteryReminder.exe* file and if you see a message box saying `Pour commencer à utiliser BatteryReminder, installez-le sur un appareil équipé d'une batterie.`, it means that .NET Framework works and you can continue to the next step.
 
### Step 2
 Go to the folder `C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local`with File Explorer. Once you're there, create a folder named `BatteryReminder`(or any other name you want). In this folder, paste the `BatteryReminder.exe`file that you downloaded earlier.

### Step 3
 Go to the `C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Start-up` folder with File Explorer. Right-click on a blank area and create a new shortcut to the file that you just pasted and by passing the `-start`parameter. The shortcut should be like:
 ```"C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\BatteryReminder\BatteryReminder.exe" -start```
 Now, name the shortcut like you feel, and restart your computer. BatteryReminder is now running.

## Uninstallation
 To uninstall BatteryReminder, delete the shortcut referenced in the step 3 of the installation, and restart your PC. Once you have done this, delete the `.exe`file in the path referenced in the step 2 of the installation. BatteryReminder is now uninstalled.
